Log4Net config transform info (#1259)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Troubleshooting/Log-files/Enable-Logging.md

# Enable logging on Umbraco Cloud projects

:::warning

> If you do this one several environments you need to use unique names on each, check out the [config transforms section]()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do this on several environments you need to use unique names on each. Check out the [config transforms section](../../Set-Up/Config-Transforms)
```

```

Other than that you may have some custom log appenders added below that. Adding a config transform of this file will work the same no matter how many log files you are writing to.

To ensure you have different names for your log files you should follow the [guidelines for config transforms on Cloud](../../Set-Up/Config-Transforms)

> So one or two config transforms will have to be made, a file called `log4net.development.xdt.config` and if you have a staging environment, one called `log4net.staging.xdt.config`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One or two config transforms will have to be made, depending on how many environments you have on your project. 

One file called `log4net.development.xdt.config` and if you have a staging environment, one called `log4net.staging.xdt.config`
```

Inside these files you need to have something like this:

```xml
<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!--For more information on using transformations see the web.config examples at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=214134. -->
<log4net xmlns:xdt="http://schemas.microsoft.com/XML-Document-Transform">
  <appender name="rollingFile" type="log4net.Appender.RollingFileAppender" xdt:Locator="Match(name)" xdt:Transform="Replace">
    <file type="log4net.Util.PatternString" value="App_Data\Logs\Dev-UmbracoTraceLog.%property{log4net:HostName}.txt" />
    <lockingModel type="log4net.Appender.FileAppender+MinimalLock" />
    <appendToFile value="true" />
    <rollingStyle value="Date" />
    <maximumFileSize value="5MB" />
    <layout type="log4net.Layout.PatternLayout">
      <conversionPattern value=" %date [P%property{processId}/D%property{appDomainId}/T%thread] %-5level %logger - %message%newline" />
    </layout>
    <encoding value="utf-8" />
  </appender>
</log4net>
```

> All this does is to find the *appender* with the *name* `rollingFile` and then it replaces the values inside it, these values are copied from the original file but the path of the log file has been changed from:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All this does is to find the *appender* with the *name* `rollingFile` and then it replaces the values inside it. These values are copied from the original file but the path of the log file has been changed from:
```

`App_Data\Logs\UmbracoTraceLog.%property{log4net:HostName}.txt` to
`App_Data\Logs\Dev-UmbracoTraceLog.%property{log4net:HostName}.txt`

> This same kind of config transform can be added for all of the custom appenders as well, the only important part is to add an environment specific naming for each file!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This same kind of config transform can be added for all of the custom appenders as well. The important part is to add an environment specific naming for each file!
```
